docs(api): add tip for status handler in HMR API (#5215)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/hot-module-replacement.mdx

});
```

> T> If a status handler returns a `Promise` then it will wait for the `Promise` to resolve before continuing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bear in mind that when the status handler returns a `Promise`, the HMR system will wait for the `Promise` to resolve before continuing.
```
